sql_export/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

SQL Export
==========

Allow to export data in csv files FROM sql requests.
There are some restrictions in the sql query, you can only read datas.
No update, deletion or creation are possible.
A new menu named Export is created.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Some words are prohibited and can't be used is the query in anyways, even in
  a select query:
  - delete
  - drop
  - insert
  - alter
  - truncate
  - execute
  - create
  - update

See sql_request_abstract module to fix this issue.

* checking SQL request by execution and rollback is disabled in this module
  since variables features has been introduced. This can be fixed by
  overloading _prepare_request_check_execution() function.

Usage
=====

Dashboards > Sql Export.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Florian da Costa <florian.dacosta@akretion.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

IMP Readme for Sql Export Module

sql_export/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

SQL Export
==========

Allow to export data in csv files FROM sql requests.
There are some restrictions in the sql query, you can only read datas.
No update, deletion or creation are possible.
A new menu named Export is created.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Some words are prohibited and can't be used is the query in anyways, even in
  a select query:
  - delete
  - drop
  - insert
  - alter
  - truncate
  - execute
  - create
  - update

See sql_request_abstract module to fix this issue.

* checking SQL request by execution and rollback is disabled in this module
  since variables features has been introduced. This can be fixed by
  overloading _prepare_request_check_execution() function.

Usage
=====

Dashboards > Sql Export.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/10.0
    

Specific use with parameters
----------------------------

- `%(company_id)s` allows to set in the query the company id of the user
- `%(user_id)s` allows to set in the query the user id
- for any created field with `Sql Export Variables` menu, you can use it with `%(x_field_example)s` syntax 
  (Limitation for relational fields)


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Florian da Costa <florian.dacosta@akretion.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
